We get everything set up to start working on this app.
Let's start in the off part of it and there may be indeed.
Sign up for them.
Right now we only have Sign-Up works here in the sign up component or HQ mail file.
Now I want to add a whole form for that.
First of all add a second year to have it as a wrapper just so that I can later add some styling.
And then there I now want to have a form element a regular aged female element without an action because
we're going to handle the submission of that form differently.
Now in that form component here we want to have some inputs and inputs of course should be styled with
angular material and work in a material way.
Now in my sign up for him I went to grad to use her email password.
The birth date and that's all add a checkbox sold and we get the usual confirmation of our terms and
conditions and we only want to enable the form submission.
If all these inputs are valid.
So if they fulfill our validation criteria.
Now to add a form field we can of course add input here.
That's make it of type email and say we want to get user e-mail here.
Now if I say would like this and I go to slash sign up your well then we get this default HTL input
which doesn't look in a material way at all.
Let's go back to the components documentation and their form controls.
It's the very first part actually in here we get the input and a form field.
Now what's the difference let's start with the input which sounds about right.
You see my input is a directive that you can add to a normal input or text area which then gives it
the material the assigned look and feel like the floating up placeholder.
So the text here.
It also says that you should wrap it with a map form field.
This is the form field component here which is a wrapper that allows you to use your material to sign
input components in rapping form element.
Not so much because it's neither technically but because on that foreign field you can do cool things
like getting the labels here to float.
There's actually only works in conjunction with this not with input alone.
And if you scroll down you can also output hint labels and error messages.
So these are cool things.
You can expand the code sample here of course to see how it works.
Now let's go back to our Sign-Up component and let's the mad dash form field component here.
As I said this is a wrapper or so in there we definitely will put an import component which all set
to type email and where will anti-med in port directive to turn it into a input component which is control
through Anglo material or else or add a placeholder whereas say your email.
Now if we save this and we let this compile if we go back to the app we will just see an error that
mad form field is not a known element and we saw this error before.
So does time definitely go ahead and try fixing it on your own.
Where are you successful.
Let's have a look how do we fix this.
We have to go to the material module and add all the components we plan on using in this case the math
form field module and we can already add another one demand input module because we're going to use
that man's input directive.
So we will actually need both.
And we will add both to imports and exports.
So we look at demand for field marshal to both anti-med input module both like this.
Now we added for fuel and input module to both imports and exports.
And now if we go back to the application let us reload just looks much nicer and if we click on the
input the placeholders now floating up.
So we made our first important step.
Now let's add a second input.
Now I'm going to copy that first mad form field.
Place it right below it here I'll It's not the type to password.
To also get the user password and go to say your password as a placeholder here.
And with that if we save this and we go back we have this password input sits right next to the e-mail
though.
So it would be nice if we could all to control delay out of our page and not just add components.
Let's have a look at how we can use another package to control the layout of our components in the next
lecture.